README.md, before:

# Sitina 1

Open-source 35mm full-frame (36mm x 24mm) CCD mirror-less interchangable lens camera (MILC). The original goal of this project was to create a digital camera back to convert SLR cameras to DSLR cameras, but has since changed to build a full MILC. See also Sitina 2.

## Specifications

The following are preliminary.

### Hardware

- SoC: Xilinx Zynq 7010 (2x667MHz Cortex-A9, 28K logic cells FPGA)
- RAM: 512MB 16-bit DDR3 SDRAM
- AFE: Analog Devices AD9990
- Sensor: Kodak/ONsemi KAI-11000/KAI-11002M/CM
- Screen: 3.4" 480x480 High-Brightness DPI IPS LCD
- External Ports:
  - SD slot (HS, 50MB/s)
  - USB Type-C (5V3A power supply + debugger access)
  - Flash sync terminal

### Camera Features

The following are possible with hardware, but not necessarily supported by the current software.

- Sensor Type: 35mm Interline CCD sensor
- Sensor Size: 36.0 x 24.0 mm
- Effective Pixels: 10.7MP
- Lens Mount: Active E mount
- Still Resolutions:
  - 4008x2672 10.7MP 3:2
  - 3563x2672 9.5MP 4:3 1.08X crop
  - 2672x2672 7.1MP 1:1 1.27X crop
  - 2782x1856 5.2MP 3:2 APS-C crop
  - 2676x2007 5.4MP 4:3 APS-C crop
  - 2365x2365 5.6MP 1:1 APS-C crop
- Still Format:
  - DNG (10/12/14-bit lossless compressed RAW)
  - JPEG
- Readout Speed:
  - 4008x2672 up to 5FPS
  - 4008x480 at 28FPS (line skipping live view, rescaled to 480x320 for output)
- Video recording is not supported
- ISO:
  - TBD

## Status

Hardware R0.6 tested and working. Harware R0.9 bringing up in progress. See schematics for change logs.

## License

Unless otherwise stated, the hardware design is released under CERN-OHL-P, and the software/ firmware are released under MIT.

Most other 3D models are obtained from vendor website, refer to the corresponding vendor website for licensing details. They are provided for convience only.

Commit message:

Add log for old versions

README.md, after:

# Sitina 1

Open-source 35mm full-frame (36mm x 24mm) CCD mirror-less interchangable lens camera (MILC). The original goal of this project was to create a digital camera back to convert SLR cameras to DSLR cameras, but has since changed to build a full MILC. See also Sitina 2.

## Specifications

The following are preliminary.

### Hardware

- SoC: Xilinx Zynq 7010 (2x667MHz Cortex-A9, 28K logic cells FPGA)
- RAM: 512MB 16-bit DDR3 SDRAM
- AFE: Analog Devices AD9990
- Sensor: Kodak/ONsemi KAI-11000/KAI-11002M/CM
- Screen: 3.4" 480x480 High-Brightness DPI IPS LCD
- External Ports:
  - SD slot (HS, 25MB/s)
  - USB Type-C (5V3A power supply)
  - Flash sync terminal

### Camera Features

The following are possible with hardware, but not necessarily supported by the current software.

- Sensor Type: 35mm Interline CCD sensor
- Sensor Size: 36.0 x 24.0 mm
- Effective Pixels: 10.7MP
- Lens Mount: Active E mount
- Still Resolutions:
  - 4008x2672 10.7MP 3:2
  - 3563x2672 9.5MP 4:3 1.08X crop
  - 2672x2672 7.1MP 1:1 1.27X crop
  - 2782x1856 5.2MP 3:2 APS-C crop
  - 2676x2007 5.4MP 4:3 APS-C crop
  - 2365x2365 5.6MP 1:1 APS-C crop
- Still Format:
  - DNG (10/12/14-bit lossless compressed RAW)
  - JPEG
- Readout Speed:
  - 4008x2672 up to 5FPS
  - 4008x480 at 28FPS (line skipping live view, rescaled to 480x320 for output)
- Video recording is not supported
- ISO:
  - TBD

## Status

Hardware R0.6 tested and working. Harware R0.9 bringing up in progress.

## Revision History

See [old-versions.md](/OLD_VERSIONS.md) for change logs, stories, and photos of old revisions!

## License

Unless otherwise stated, the hardware design is released under CERN-OHL-P, and the software/ firmware are released under MIT.

Most other 3D models are obtained from vendor website, refer to the corresponding vendor website for licensing details. They are provided for convience only.
